title: Why Financial Assistance matters to us
---

Attending a conference is an exciting and valuable way to get involved with a
community. It provides delegates with an opportunity to spend time with their
peers in a setting that allows the sharing of ideas, and exposes people to
opportunities and challenges that they may not otherwise get to see. And above
all else, it offers an opportunity to relax with and enjoy the company of the
wonderful people in our community!

Unfortunately, many members of our community are unable to take advantage of
this kind of opportunity for financial reasons. Attending a conference is
expensive, both in terms of explicit financial costs like ticket prices and
travel, but also in terms of implicit costs like loss of time or the need to
find childcare.

These limitations mean that our community is unevenly exposed to the benefits
of conference attendance. This limits us: as long as only a subset of our
community are able to attend, we will be missing important perspectives that
make our events and lives richer.

For this reason, PyCon UK believes it is extremely important to enable as many
people as possible to attend. To this end, we are offering extensive assistance
in the form of grants and subsidised tickets. The goal of this program is to
enable people to attend who would like to, but cannot bear the financial burden
of attending.

Going hand-in-hand with the financial assistance process is another core
tenet of PyCon UK: *everybody pays*. This applies truly to everyone: by
default, PyCon UK asks that everybody buys a ticket, including the PyCon UK
Committee, all speakers, and all volunteers. This system allows us to support
our substantial financial assistance process, and ensures that discounted
admission is not granted to those who do not need it.

This means that it is *extremely important* that attendees are proactive about
applying for financial assistance. If the only reason you are not attending is
that you cannot afford to do so, then *please* apply for financial assistance.
You can find instructions for doing so [here](/financial-assistance/).
