title: The John Pinner Award
---
<h2>What?</h2>

The annual John Pinner award celebrates voluntary service to the Python
community in the UK. It's for those who freely contribute time and effort for
the good of the community but who generally don't get the sort of recognition
others may enjoy.

This is an annual award with up to three awards being given at once. The awards
will be announced at the start of each annual PyCon UK conference, so
recipients at the conference may enjoy a weekend of recognition from the wider
community in attendence.

It is only possible to win the award once.

Recipients of the award will receive a free ticket to next year's PyCon UK and
a token in recognition of their efforts (most likely a medal of some sort).

<h2>Why?</h2>

John Pinner founded and organised PyCon UK until he passed away in 2015. He was
the personification of a Pythonista who gave time, code and effort back to the
community. He was a role model, mentor and teacher who is sorely missed by
many.

With the blessing of the Pinner family, the UKPA is initiating the award to
honour and remember John's extraordinary contribution to our community.

<h2>How?</h2>

The award is administered by at least two returning officers. The returning
officers may not receive the award and any nominations for them will be
discarded. For this year the returning officers are Nicholas Tollervey and
Peter Inglesby.

Nominations from the wider Python UK community are made simply by filling in
the form embedded below. The returning officers will confirm
each nomination meets the requirements outlined above (specifically, that the
nomination is for Python related community service in the UK and the nominator
is a real person).

The recipients of the award will be the three most nominated people in any
annual nomination period of the award. In the case of a tie, all joint winners
in the top three slots will receive an award. Finally, a nominee isn't eligable
until three *separate nominations* are received in support of them.

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdWFta61RMBmxgPEpZghorFzSpKCkyabVgRAJMbyMt2ARF0oQ/viewform?embedded=true" width="100%" height="1600" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>

If required, the private records associated with this process can be made
available (in the form of a spreadsheet) upon request to the returning
officers. A list of recipients will be kept on the UKPA website.
